== SuperTypes_20110119.xls ==

This spreadsheet contains all of the figures and summary statistics shown in the figures and tables below. It is a summation of the specifics in the next file.

As for the spreadsheet itself:

* Read all notes under the latter column in the Overview tab
* The Matrix tabs show where some areas are not disjoint with other areas. The defined non-disjoint categories -- Attributes, Abstract-level, Topics/Categories and Markets & Industries -- have much interaction with the other categories and no statistics for these are shown. In other categories the interactions are sometimes minimal and sometimes not. These overlaps are generally explained in the SuperType Intersection and Potential Overlaps columns on the Overview tab
* Four of the 33 SuperTypes are by definition non-disjoint. These are Abstract_level, Attributes, MarketsIndustries and TopicsCategories
* The remaining 29 SuperTypes are mostly disjoint. 

== supertypes_v100.zip ==

This zip file contains 876 individual files. These individual files have listings of RefConcepts by SuperType, and files for each of the intersections where RefConcepts are shared between two SuperTypes. The latter intersections define where disjoint assertions between SuperTypes are excluded. Most of the individual files list all of the RefConcepts in the applicable population as designated by the file name.

Two files in this archive deserve special mention:

* superTypesStats.csv - this is the summary count RefConcepts by SuperType, including those shared with other SuperTypes
* superTypesStatsIntersections.csv - this is the summary of RefConcept intersections between SuperTypes, as indicated by the headings. These summary counts recount the full RefConcept listings in the other constituent files in the zip package. 
