These are lists of ontologies classes links to different UMBEL Reference Concept.

==Files==

* dbpedia-ontology.n3 -- Links between the DBpedia Ontology classes and the UMBEL Reference Concepts. Half of them comes from the linkage between Proton and UMBEL, and half the others come from hand mapping.
* geonames.n3 -- Geonames
* opencyc.n3 -- OpenCyc Ontology
* schema.org.n3 -- Schema.org ontology defines entities known by Google and other search engines
* wikipedia.n3 -- Links between the Wikipedia pages and the UMBEL Reference Concepts.
* same-as.n3 -- Links between older UMBEL reference concept URIs and the new, actual, ones.
* doap.n3 -- DOAP(Description of a Project) is a vocabulary for project description.
* org.n3 -- The ORG (Core Organization) Ontology is a vocabulary for describing organizational structures for a broad variety of types of organization.
* oo.n3 -- OO(Open Organizations) is a vocabulary providing supplementary terms for organizations that wish to publish open data about themselves.
* transit.n3 -- TRANSIT(Transit) is a vocabulary for describing transit systems and routes.
* time.n3 -- The TIME(Time Ontology) defines temporal entities.
* bibo.n3 -- BIBO (Bibliographic Ontology)
* cc.n3 -- CC (CreativeCommons Ontology)
* event.n3 -- Event Ontology
* foaf.n3 -- FOAF (Friend Of A Friend Ontology) used to describe people and organizations
* geo.n3 -- WSG84 Geographic Ontology
* mo.n3 -- MO (Music Ontology)
* po.n3 -- PO (Programmes Ontology)
* rss.n3 -- RSS (Really Simple Syndication Ontology)
* sioc.n3 -- SIOC (Semantically-Interlinked Online Communities Ontology)
