These are lists of Wikipedia pages that have been link to different UMBEL Reference Concepts. These links are made to the DBpedia resources' counterparts.

== Files ==

* dbpediaOntologyPages.zip -- These relationships have been created from the linkage between the DBpedia Ontology and the UMBEL Reference Concept Structure.
* dbpediaOntologyHasMapping.zip -- These are the reified statements that specifies how the assertions have been made (and so, their relative quality) in file (1)
* wikipediaCategoriesListsIndividuals.zip -- These relationships have been created from the linkage between the Wikipedia categories and their linkage to the UMBEL Reference Concept Structure.
* wikipediaCategoriesListsIndividualsHasMapping.zip -- These are the reified statements that specifies how the assertions have been made (and so, their relative quality) in file (3)
* wikipediaCategoriesSVIndividuals.zip -- These relationships have been created from the linkage between the Wikipedia categories and their linkage to the UMBEL Reference Concept Structure using Semantic Vectors as post-processing method.
* wikipediaCategoriesSVIndividualHasMapping.zip -- These are the reified statements that specifies how the assertions have been made (and so, their relative quality) in file (5)
* cycPages.n3 -- These relationships have been created from the Cyc linkage to direct wikipedia pages. This is a special set of linkage that links the pages to the concepts they (nearly) represents.
* cycPagesHasMapping.n3 -- These are the reified statements that specifies how the assertions have been made (and so, their relative quality) in file (7)
* wikipediaCategories.n3 -- These relationships have been created by the hand mapping of wikipedia categories to UMBEL reference concepts they (nearly) represents.
* wikipediaCategoriesHasMapping.n3 -- These are the reified statements that specifies how the assertions have been made (and so, their relative quality) in file (9)

